README.md, before:

# Causal Matrices Differences #
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/languge-english-blue.svg)](https://shields.io/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/causal%20ai-8A2BE2)](https://www.shields.io/)

> Description

## **Constructed Implementation** ## 
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/MariuszAndziak/CausalMatricesDiff/blob/main/example.png" alt="Show differences in DAG structures">
</p>
```
* Number of undirected edges: {'# of undirected edges for true_dag': 0, '# of undirected edges for pred_dag': 0}
* Structural Humming Distance: 6.0
* Listing of differences:
Pred DAG doesn't have causal paths from:
- variable_2 to variable_7
which are present in True DAG
------------------------------
Pred DAG has additional causal paths from:
- variable_1 to variable_7
- variable_2 to variable_3
- variable_3 to variable_4
- variable_3 to variable_5
which are not present in True DAG
```

## **Example of usage** ##
```python
true_dag = np.array(
    [
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0],
    ]
)

pred_dag = np.array(
    [
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0],
    ]
)

var_names = [f"variable_{n}" for n in range(10)]
matrices = CausalMatricesDiff(true_dag, pred_dag, var_names=var_names)
matrices.causal_matrices_diff(save_name="example.png")
print("* Number of undirected edges:", matrices.number_of_undirected())
print("* Structural Humming Distance:", matrices.structural_humming_distance())
print("* Listing of differences:")
print(matrices.list_differences(return_text_description=True))
```

Commit message:

Added description to README.md

README.md, after:

# Causal Matrices Differences #
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/languge-english-blue.svg)](https://shields.io/)
[![Generic badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/causal%20ai-8A2BE2)](https://www.shields.io/)

> This project provides a toolkit for analyzing and visualizing differences between causal matrices, enabling users to better understand discrepancies in predicted causal structures. By comparing true and predicted causal matrices, it highlights missing and additional causal relationships through intuitive visualizations.

The structural hamming distance is calculated to quantify the overall difference between the true and predicted causal structures, offering a numeric measure of prediction accuracy. Additionally, the tool computes the number of undirected edges in both matrices to evaluate symmetry in causal relationships and better understand the directionality of the predictions.

A textual report is also generated, detailing false positive and false negative causal relationships, providing an easy-to-read summary of the mismatches for better interpretability and deeper insights into model performance.

## **Constructed Implementation** ## 
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/MariuszAndziak/CausalMatricesDiff/blob/main/example.png" alt="Show differences in DAG structures">
</p>

## **Example of usage** ##
```python
true_dag = np.array(
    [
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0],
    ]
)

pred_dag = np.array(
    [
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 1.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0],
        [0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0],
    ]
)

var_names = [f"variable_{n}" for n in range(10)]
matrices = CausalMatricesDiff(true_dag, pred_dag, var_names=var_names)
matrices.causal_matrices_diff(save_name="example.png")
print("* Number of undirected edges:", matrices.number_of_undirected())
print("* Structural Humming Distance:", matrices.structural_humming_distance())
print("* Listing of differences:")
print(matrices.list_differences(return_text_description=True))
```

```
* Number of undirected edges: {'# of undirected edges for true_dag': 0, '# of undirected edges for pred_dag': 0}
* Structural Humming Distance: 6.0
* Listing of differences:
Pred DAG doesn't have causal paths from:
- variable_2 to variable_7
which are present in True DAG
------------------------------
Pred DAG has additional causal paths from:
- variable_1 to variable_7
- variable_2 to variable_3
- variable_3 to variable_4
- variable_3 to variable_5
which are not present in True DAG
```
